[#73102] Update on migration docs  https://community.openproject.org/… (#22434)
opf/openproject: docs/installation-and-operations/jira-migration/README.md

> [!TIP]
> Please reach out to us if you want to donate your data, we will sign an NDA to ensure confidentiality.

#### Current progress
> [!IMPORTANT]
> This section reflects the current state of development as of OpenProject 17.2. The migration tool is still under active development and is not yet production-ready. To test it, you must first enable it in your OpenProject instance adminstration (/admin/settings/experimental).

Navigate to *Administration → Import*. To create a new import configuration, click the **+ Jira configuration** button.

![Jira importer settings under OpenProject administration](openproject_admin_import_jira_import.png)

Provide the following details:
-  A name for the import configuration
-  Your Jira Server or Data Center URL

> -  A Personal Access Token (requires Jira admin permissions)

Reviewer: To clarify a bit. To get a token you do not need to be a Jira admin. But to have a successful import you have to be an admin. Token just reflects the permissions of user acquiring it. I suggest something like that:
```suggestion
-  A Personal Access Token. The migration tool requires a token with admin permissions. Otherwise you will get 403 error during the import process.
```

A warning dialog will appear. Confirm that you understand the limitations (e.g., incomplete feature coverage, recommendation to avoid production use, and the need for backups). Select *I understand* and click **Start import**.

![Warning dialog before starting Jira import](openproject_admin_import_jira_import_warning_banner.png)

During import, Jira wiki markup is automatically converted to OpenProject’s markdown format.

> [!TIP]
> If a user already exists in OpenProject from a previous import, they will not be duplicated.

After the import completes, the data is available in *review mode*. You can:
-  Inspect imported projects and work packages
-  Validate data integrity
-  Decide whether to finalize or revert the import

![Example of an imported work package in review mode](openproject_admin_import_jira_import_imported_work_package_example.png)

To proceed, choose one of the following actions: finalize or revert the import.

![Finalize or revert import buttons in review mode](openproject_admin_import_jira_import_finalize_or_revert_import_buttons.png)

**Finalize import**

> -  Activates newly created users

Author: ```suggestion
- Activates newly created users
```
